Update plan-auto-attendant-call-queue.md (#6101)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/plan-auto-attendant-call-queue.md

- A resource account for each auto attendant and each call queue
- A free Phone System - Virtual User license for each resource account
- At least one [Microsoft service number](getting-service-phone-numbers.md), direct routing number, or a hybrid number for each resource account that you want to be directly dialable
 - The service number may be a toll or toll-free number

Agents who receive calls from the call queues must be Enterprise Voice enabled online or on-premise users. 
<br>If your agents are using the Microsoft Teams app for call queue calls, they need to be in TeamsOnly mode.

> When transferring calls to an external phone number, the resource account performing the transfer (ie. the one associated with the auto attendant or call queue) must have a phone number and a Microsoft 365 Phone System - Virtual User license. Additionally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When transferring calls to an external phone number, the resource account performing the transfer (that is, the one associated with the auto attendant or call queue) must have a phone number and a Microsoft 365 Phone System Virtual User license. Additionally:
```
